Bump @crowdin/cli from 4.7.0 to 4.11.0 (#391)
rsksmart/devportal: webinars/202007-005/slides.md

NOTE:

`Dulce`

> - While this webinar has been primarily intended as a hands-on workshop, we have covered some theory too, to do with softwate engineering principles around testing, and thinkign about smart contracts in terms of state and state transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- While this webinar has been primarily intended as a hands-on workshop, we have covered some theory on software engineering principles around testing, and thinking about smart contracts in terms of state and state transitions.
```
